Rephrase "Uploading without Debug IDs" a bit (#7056)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/uploading-without-debug-ids/javascript.mdx

Use the guide on this page if you're using one of the following:

- JavaScript SDK: version `7.46.0` or lower
- Bundler Plugins
  - `@sentry/webpack-plugin` package: version `2.1.0` or lower
  - `@sentry/vite-plugin` package: version `0.7.1` or lower
  - `@sentry/esbuild-plugin` package: version `0.7.1` or lower
  - `@sentry/rollup-plugin` package: version `0.7.1` or lower
- `sentry-cli`: version `2.16.1` or lower

If all of your Sentry dependencies are on more up-to-date versions than in the list above, we recommend reading the <PlatformLink to="/sourcemaps">regular guide</PlatformLink>.

## What happens, if I am using one of these old dependencies?

If your application uses an old version of our SDK or bundler plugin (or sentry-cli), the result will roughly be the same. You can still upload source maps; however, the process will differ. Instead of using Debug IDs, you'll be using releases, to match an events stack frame with its corresponding minified source and source map file (known as artifacts).

## Uploading Source maps using our Bundler Plugin

> Our guides on uploading source maps with our bundler plugins are applicable to any version your application might use. Visit <PlatformLink to="/sourcemaps">the regular Source Maps guide</PlatformLink> to find an applicable guide.

Author: dang that's not even true anymore - whoops. Thanks for pointing that out!

Sentry moved to a new process for handling source maps. We call this process "source mapping with debug IDs".

This process requires you to use updated Sentry dependencies. We know this isn't always possible, so this page explains how to upload source maps without debug IDs.

## When to use this guide

Use the guide on this page if you're using one of the following:

- JavaScript SDK version `7.46.0` or lower
- `@sentry/webpack-plugin` package version `1.x` or lower
- `sentry-cli` version `2.16.1` or lower
- Sentry self-hosted or single-tenant on version `23.4.0` or lower

If all of your Sentry dependencies are on more up-to-date versions than in the list above, we recommend using the regular <PlatformLink to="/sourcemaps">Source Maps</PlatformLink> guide.

If you're using one or more of these older versions of the tools, you can still upload source maps; however, the process will differ. Instead of using debug IDs, you'll use releases to match an event's stack frame with its corresponding minified source and source map file (known as artifacts).

## Uploading using `sentry-cli`

> Here is our guide to uploading artifacts using [releases](/product/releases/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Verify Artifacts Were Uploaded

> Open up Sentry and navigate to **[Settings] » Projects » Select your project » Source Maps** on Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open up Sentry and navigate to **[Settings] > Projects > Select your project > Source Maps** on Sentry.
```

## Summary

> It can come with some headaches, but you can still upload source maps regardless of what version of our SDK or bundler plugin (or sentry-cli) your application depends on. Visit <PlatformLink to="/sourcemaps/troubleshooting_js">the regular Source Maps guide</PlatformLink> if you experience any problems following our guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can still upload source maps regardless of what version of our SDK or bundler plugin (or sentry-cli) your application depends on. Visit the regular <PlatformLink to="/sourcemaps/troubleshooting_js">Source Maps</PlatformLink> guide if you experience any problems following this guide.
```
